# Clock
This is a repository for my P5JS representation of a clock.

Starting on this project proved to be more daunting than I originally thought. This project was done for Creative Coding at the University of Mary Washington. I am still learning Processing and find myself questioning everything I type because this is the first class I have taken in college that revolves so heavily around coding. I came up with several ideas that I am still interested in trying, but since they proved too complicated for a beginner I decided to take it slow. For my clock I came up with something quite simple. Our professor encoruaged us to move away from the idea of time as a circular construct (which is much harder than it sounds, let me tell you) and generate a clock that tells time in Open Processing. My final idea comes in the form of my ["Simple Line Clock"](oppr.org/s/Tac9iRl0) on Open Processing. I took basic inspiraction for this clock from my professor, Zach Whalen, and from [p5js.org](https://p5js.org/) which has an amazing online library that is searchable for whatever code you may be looking for. Since I'm still learning Processing, I thought a simple line-based clock would be excellent for this project. Basically, I made a cloack that tells time using three lines with circualr "sliders" instead of a circular clock face. The only outside knowledge I used in creating this was the instructions my professor gave in using the hour(), minute(), and second() commands. From there I look up everythuing else on [p5js.org](https://p5js.org/) to draw the lines and generate the background.

Please give this project a look! I plan to try an improve it in the near future, but for now this is what I have!
